# E-Commerce-System
E-Commerce System Simulator program. 
The system keeps track of all its products, all its registered customers, all current orders and all shipped orders.

CLASSES:

	1. ECommerceSystem: this class contains the bulk of the logic for the system. 
	It maintains an TreeMap<String, Product> where key is the Product Id of Product objects, 
	Customer objects, ProductOrder objects and ProductOrder objects that have been shipped. 
	
	2. ECommerceUserInterface: this class has the main() method and is the user interaction part. 
	In a while loop, a scanner reads a line of input from the user. 
	The input lines contain words (Strings). The first word is the action (e.g. custs, prods). 

	3. Customer: this class models a registered Ecommerce customer. 
	It contains the customer name, and ID (a string generated by the system) and a shipping address.

	4. Product: this class contains several instance variables to model a product: 
	Product ID, name, type, price and product options. 

	5. ProductOrder: this class stores the order of a product by a customer. 
	It contains an orderNumber (a string generated by the system), a reference to the product object ordered, 
	and a reference to the customer object. 
	It also stores any product options associated with this product that were entered by the user. 
	
	6. Book: this class is a subclass of Product. 
	It also stores additional information (author, title). 
	A book maybe in one of 3 formats: “Paperback”, “Hardcover”, “EBook”. It also has additional variables to 
	store the number of hardcover books in stock for this book, the number of paperbacks, and has an essentially 
	infinite number of EBook copies. 	
	
	7. Shoes: this class is a subclass of Product with some specific options. 
	The user should be able to buy a pair of shoes that have sizes 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, and possible colors black or brown. 

ACTIONS:

	ORDERSHOES:
		the user can specify size and color and this information is stored in a single productOptions string
	
	BOOKSBYAUTHOR:
		
	
	SHOES:
		Print all shoes
	
	ADDTOCART
		Will add Product of any Category to Cart
		If the Product doesn't have a product option, leave the input blank
		
	RATE
		This is for customers to rate shipped orders
		If the order hasn't been shipped, there will be an exception

	SHOWRATE
		Input the Product Category (i.e. "books")
			If Category doesn't exist, there will be an exception
		Input the minimum Rating Score (i.e. 2)
			If the score is <1 or >5, there will be an exception
		Action will print every product in the Category with ratings of similar or bigger values
			The rating of the Product is the average of all ratings
	
	PRINTBYNAME, PRINTBYPRICE
		Print products in required order only on command
		If run Action PRODS afterward, the order will be back to by Product Id
		

	
